I live in a house near the mountains. I have two brothers and one sister, and I was born last. My father teaches mathematics, and my mother is a nurse at a big hospital. My brothers are very smart and work hard in school. My sister is a nervous girl, but she is very kind. My grandmother also lives with us. She came from Italy when I was two years old. She has grown old, but she is still very strong. She cooks the best food!
My family is very important to me. We do lots of things together. My brothers and I like to go on long walks in the mountains. My sister likes to cook with my grandmother. On the weekends we all play board games together. We laugh and always have a good time. I love my family very much.
First, I wake up. Then, I get dressed. I walk to school. I do not ride a bike. I do not ride the bus. I like to go to school. It rains. I do not like rain. I eat lunch. I eat a sandwich and an apple.
I play outside. I like to play. I read a book. I like to read books. I walk home. I do not like walking home. My mother cooks soup for dinner. The soup is hot. Then, I go to bed. I do not like to go to bed.
Hi! Nice to meet you! My name is John Smith. I am nineteen and a student in college. I go to college in New York. My favorite courses are Geometry, French, and History. English is my hardest course. My professors are very friendly and smart. It’s my second year in college now. I love it!
I live in a big house on a big street. It’s near the college campus. I share the house with three other students. Their names are Bill, Tony, and Paul. We help each other with homework. On the weekend, we play football together.
I have a younger brother. He just started high school. He is fourteen and lives with my parents. They live near Boston. Sometimes they visit me in New York. I am happy when they visit. My Mom always brings me sweets and candy when they come. I really miss them, too!
Every year we go to Florida. We like to go to the beach.
My favorite beach is near a big mountain. It is very long, with soft sand and palm trees. It is very beautiful. I like to make sandcastles and watch the sailboats go by. Sometimes there are dolphins and whales in the water!
Every morning we look for shells in the sand. I found fifteen big shells last year. I put them in a special place in my room. This year I want to learn to surf. It is hard to surf, but so much fun! My sister is a good surfer. She says that she can teach me. I hope I can do it!
Jack was hungry. He walked to the kitchen. He got out some eggs. He took out some oil. He placed a skillet on the stove. Next, he turned on the heat. He poured the oil into the skillet. He cracked the eggs into a bowl. He stirred the eggs. Then, he poured them into the hot skillet. He waited while the eggs cooked. They cooked for two minutes. He heard them cooking. They popped in the oil.
Next, Jack put the eggs on a plate. He placed the plate on the dining room table. Jack loved looking at his eggs. They looked pretty on the white plate. He sat down in the large wooden chair. He thought about the day ahead. He ate the eggs with a spoon. They were good.
He washed the plate with dishwashing soap. Then, he washed the pan. He got a sponge damp. Finally, he wiped down the table. Next, Jack watched TV.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith have one son and one daughter. The son's name is John. The daughter's name is Sarah.
The Smiths live in a house. They have a living room. They watch television in the living room. The father cooks food in the kitchen. They eat in the dining room. The house has two bedrooms. They sleep in the bedrooms. They keep their clothes in the closet. There is one bathroom. They brush their teeth in the bathroom.
The house has a garden. John and Sarah play in the garden. They have a dog. John and Sarah like to play with the dog.
Lisa loves to go shopping. Tomorrow she is going shopping. She needs a new pair of shoes. She wants to buy a pair of red shoes. She thinks red shoes are pretty. She will buy a pair of shoes at the mall. Lisa usually shops at the mall. The mall is only a mile from her house. She just walks to the mall. It only takes her twenty minutes. Tomorrow she will go to four different shoe stores. Tomorrow is Saturday. The mall always has sales on Saturday. If the sale price is good, Lisa might buy two pairs of shoes.
My name is Ethan. I am twenty-five years old. I live in Miami, Florida with my husband and two children. I have one son in kindergarten and one daughter in first grade. They both attend public school. My husband is a mechanic. On weekends, he works at a restaurant as a dishwasher. The restaurant usually gets more customers on weekends, so they need extra people to wash dishes.
My name is Amelia. I am eleven years old. I live in New Delhi, India with my father, mother, two brothers and three sisters. My grandparents also live with us. In India, family is very important. It is common to have grandparents, aunts, uncles and/or cousins living in the same house. My aunts, uncles and cousins also live nearby. We see each other often. My older brother is a computer programmer. Right now, he is in Australia. His company sent him there for one year. We all miss him a lot. We write him letters every week. I want him to come home soon.
Oliver’s family is not very big. His mother and father live in a flat in London. His father works in an insurance company, and his mother is a nurse. She works for the National Health Service.
He shares a flat with two friends and works in a restaurant. He’s a waiter. He has two sisters, Lucy and Millie, who live together in Southampton.
Oliver has a girlfriend, and Lucy has a boyfriend, but Millie is single. His girlfriend’s name is Maria, and she’s Italian. She moved to the UK to study English a few years ago, and then stayed. She works in a café.
Oliver’s in love with Maria, and he also really likes her dog. He loves going for long walks in the park with Maria and her dog.
Since they’ve been going out for over a year, Oliver’s thinking of asking Maria to move in with him. Rent prices are high in London, and they could save a lot of money by living together.
On the weekends, Lucy and Millie come to London and the whole family has lunch together. Sometimes their aunts and uncles come, too.
Oliver’s grandparents are very old, and they live in a small cottage in Plymouth. They’re his mother’s parents. They’re retired, and spend most of their time gardening, walking and having tea with their friends.
His father’s parents died years ago. They used to live in Brixton, in South London. Oliver doesn’t remember much about them.
Once a year, Oliver goes to spend some time with his grandparents in Plymouth. His grandmother makes excellent fruit pies. Sometimes, his sisters or his cousins come, too, and they all have a great time.
On holidays, Oliver goes to Italy and they stay with Maria’s parents in Rome. He loves Rome, and he loves Italian food, but he doesn’t like staying with his in-laws.
He doesn’t speak much Italian, and they don’t speak any English, so it’s a bit difficult to communicate. In the future, Oliver hopes to find time to learn more Italian.